separate vgpu and gpu passthrough samples (#180)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/gpu-operator-kubevirt.rst

            nvidia/gpu-operator \
            --version=${version} \
            --set sandboxWorkloads.enabled=true \
            --set vgpuManager.enabled=true \
            --set vgpuManager.repository=<path to private repository> \
            --set vgpuManager.image=vgpu-manager \
            --set vgpuManager.version=<driver version> \
            --set vgpuManager.imagePullSecrets={${REGISTRY_SECRET_NAME}}

The vGPU Device Manager, deployed by the GPU Operator, automatically creates vGPU devices which can be assigned to KubeVirt virtual machines.
Without additional configuration, the GPU Operator creates a default set of devices on all GPUs.
To learn more about how the vGPU Device Manager and configure which types of vGPU devices get created in your cluster, refer to :ref:`vGPU Device Configuration<vgpu-device-configuration>`.

Add GPU resources to KubeVirt CR
-------------------------------------
Follow one of the below subsections for adding GPU resources to the KubeVirt CR, depending on whether you plan to use NVIDIA vGPU or not.

.. _add-vgpu-resources-to-kubevirt-cr:

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Add vGPU resources to KubeVirt CR
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Update the KubeVirt custom resource so that all GPU and vGPU devices in your cluster are permitted and can be assigned to virtual machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the KubeVirt custom resource so that all vGPU devices in your cluster are permitted and can be assigned to virtual machines.
```

> The following example shows how to permit the A10-14Q vGPU device, the device names for the GPUs on your cluster will likely be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to permit the A10-12Q vGPU device, the device names for the GPUs on your cluster will likely be different.
```

        $ lspci -nnk -d 10de:

>      *Example Output for GPU passthrough*

Author: @cdesiniotis and @tariq1890 can you help with what the example output should look like there? or let me know how i can generate some on my own, thanks!

Author: nvm, i was looking at the wrong samples

            - externalResourceProvider: true
              pciVendorSelector: 10DE:2236
              resourceName: nvidia.com/GA102GL_A10
      ...

   Add the following for vGPU:

   .. code-block:: yaml

      ...
      spec:
        configuration:
          developerConfiguration:
            featureGates:
            - GPU
            - DisableMDEVConfiguration
          permittedHostDevices: # Defines VM devices to import.
            mediatedDevices: # Include for vGPU 
            - externalResourceProvider: true

>               mdevNameSelector: NVIDIA A10-24Q

Reviewer: Let's update the profile here to be consistent with the profile used earlier in the procedure
```suggestion
              mdevNameSelector: NVIDIA A10-12Q
```

Reviewer: GitHub is not letting me add a suggestion for the proceeding line, but we also need to update the `resourceName` field to `nvidia.com/NVIDIA_A10-12Q`

#. Modify the ``KubeVirt`` custom resource like the following partial example. 

   .. code-block:: yaml

      ...
      spec:
        configuration:
          developerConfiguration:
            featureGates:
            - GPU
            - DisableMDEVConfiguration
          permittedHostDevices: # Defines VM devices to import.
            mediatedDevices: # Include for vGPU 
            - externalResourceProvider: true

>               mdevNameSelector: NVIDIA A10-14Q
>               resourceName: nvidia.com/NVIDIA_A10-14Q

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              mdevNameSelector: NVIDIA A10-12Q
              resourceName: nvidia.com/NVIDIA_A10-12Q
```

      ...

   Replace the values in the YAML as follows:

   * ``mdevNameSelector`` and ``resourceName`` under ``mediatedDevices`` to correspond to your vGPU type.

   * Set ``externalResourceProvider=true`` to indicate that this resource is provided by an external device plugin, in this case the ``sandbox-device-plugin`` that is deployed by the GPU Operator.

Refer to the `KubeVirt user guide <https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/virtual_machines/host-devices/#listing-permitted-devices>`_ for more information on the configuration options.

.. _add-gpu-passthrough-resources-to-kubevirt-cr:

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Add GPU passthrough resources to KubeVirt CR
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Update the KubeVirt custom resource so that all GPU and vGPU devices in your cluster are permitted and can be assigned to virtual machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the KubeVirt custom resource so that all GPU passthrough devices in your cluster are permitted and can be assigned to virtual machines.
```

            - externalResourceProvider: true
              pciVendorSelector: 10DE:2236
              resourceName: nvidia.com/GA102GL_A10
      ...

   Replace the values in the YAML as follows:

   * ``pciVendorSelector`` and ``resourceName`` under ``pciHostDevices`` to correspond to your GPU model.

   * Set ``externalResourceProvider=true`` to indicate that this resource is provided by an external device plugin, in this case the ``sandbox-device-plugin`` that is deployed by the GPU Operator.

Refer to the `KubeVirt user guide <https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/virtual_machines/host-devices/#listing-permitted-devices>`_ for more information on the configuration options.

.. _create-a-virtual-machine-with-gpu:

Create a virtual machine with GPU
------------------------------------

> After the GPU Operator finishes deploying the sandbox device plugin and VFIO manager pods on worker nodes and the GPU resources are added to the
> KubeVirt allowlist, you can assign a GPU to a virtual machine by editing the ``spec.domain.devices.gpus`` field
> in the ``VirtualMachineInstance`` manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the ``sandbox-device-plugin`` pod is running on your worker nodes and the GPU resources have been added to the
KubeVirt allowlist, you can assign a GPU to a virtual machine by editing the ``spec.domain.devices.gpus`` field
in the ``VirtualMachineInstance`` manifest.
```

     NVIDIA AI Enterprise customers must use the ``aie`` .run file for building the NVIDIA vGPU Manager image.
     Download the ``NVIDIA-Linux-x86_64-<version>-vgpu-kvm-aie.run`` file instead, and rename it to
     ``NVIDIA-Linux-x86_64-<version>-vgpu-kvm.run`` before proceeding with the rest of the procedure.

>      Refer to the `NVIDIA AI Enterprise support Matrix <https://docs.nvidia.com/ai-enterprise/release-6/latest/support/support-matrix.html>`_ for details on supported version number to use.

Author: so unfortunately, not that I've been able to find so far. This URL and the one to NGC, https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/collections/nvidia-ai-enterprise-infra-6 that also shows this info doesn't seem to have a universal "latest" version.

>      Refer to the `NVIDIA AI Enterprise support Matrix <https://docs.nvidia.com/ai-enterprise/release-6/latest/support/support-matrix.html>`_ for details on supported version number to use.

Reviewer 2: @cdesiniotis @a-mccarthy How about using the below link to have all NVAIE versions at a glance.

Refer to `Infrastructure Support Matrix` section under [NVIDIA AI Enterprise Infra Release Branches
](https://docs.nvidia.com/ai-enterprise/index.html#infrastructure-software) for details on supported version number to use.

>      Refer to the `NVIDIA AI Enterprise support Matrix <https://docs.nvidia.com/ai-enterprise/release-6/latest/support/support-matrix.html>`_ for details on supported version number to use.

Author: Updated the link there, thanks for the recommendation @Shivkumar13

Apply a New vGPU Device Configuration
--------------------------------------

You can apply a specific vGPU device configuration on a per-node basis by setting the ``nvidia.com/vgpu.config`` node label. 
It is recommended to set this node label prior to installing the GPU Operator if you do not want the default configuration applied.

Switching vGPU device configuration after one has been successfully applied assumes that no virtual machines with vGPU are currently running on the node. 
Any existing virtual machines should be shutdown/migrated before you apply the new configuration.

To apply a new configuration after GPU Operator install, update the ``nvidia.com/vgpu.config`` node label. 

The following example shows how to apply a new configuration on a system with two **A10** GPUs.

.. code-block:: console

   $ nvidia-smi -L
   GPU 0: NVIDIA A10 (UUID: GPU-ebd34bdf-1083-eaac-2aff-4b71a022f9bd)
   GPU 1: NVIDIA A10 (UUID: GPU-1795e88b-3395-b27b-dad8-0488474eec0c)

> In this example, the GPU Operator has been installed and the ``nvidia.com/vgpu.config`` was not aded to worker nodes, meaning the ``default`` vGPU config get applied. 
> This resulted in four **A10-12Q** devices get created (two per GPU):

Reviewer: Let's be consistent with either past or present tense
```suggestion
In this example, the GPU Operator has been installed and the ``nvidia.com/vgpu.config`` was not added to worker nodes, meaning the ``default`` vGPU config got applied. 
This resulted in the creation of four **A10-12Q** devices (two per GPU):
```
